1 . What are primitive data types in Java? 
Ans: In java there are Various types of data types are Present, these are - byte, short, int, long, float, double, char, boolean .
	 In java String is not a primitive type because it an Object type, not a primitive.  

2 . What are the identifiers in Java?
Ans : Identifiers in java Refers to the name, it is used for identification. The name can be a class name, method name, interface name, enum name, variables name and etc . There are several reserved words present in java, which we 	can''t use as a identifier. for example : if , for , do  and etc we can't use them as Identifier.

3 . what is final class in Java?
Ans : The class Declared with a 'final' keyword is called final class. we can't inherite the final class . Eg . final class Demo { ... }
 
4 . what are the two ways to make a class final . 
Ans : The first way to make a class 'final' is declared it with a final keyword , and the another way of make a class final is to make all its constructor as private so that it can't be sub-classed .
  
5 . Can we Create an instance of the final class in another class? 
Ans : Yes, We can create instance of final class in another class but the final class can't be inherited . 

6 . what is the volatile keyword used for?
Ans : 'volatile' keyword in java is used to tells the compiler that a variable may be accessed and modified by multiple threads and should not be catched. 

7 . what is the use of the Transient keyword?
Ans : The 'transient' keyword in java is usually used to indicate that a field should not be serialized . 

8 . what are the types of casting?
Ans : There are two types of casting, these are 
	1 . Primitive Casting : when data casted from one primitive type to another primitive type . 
eg : 	byte b = 10 ; 
	int n = b ;   
	2 . Derived Casting : when data casted from one derived type to another derived type . 

9 . what is boxing and unboxing?
Ans : Boxing 	 : Wrapping of primitive content into its Corres Ponding Wrapper Class object is called 'Boxing'. 
	Unboxing : Unwrapping of Wrapper class Object into its Corresponding Primitive content is called 'Unboxing'.

10 . what is the difference between keywords, identifiers, and literals in java?
Ans : keywords : Key-words are reverved words in programming(java)  which has predefined meaning to the compiler .Example : for , do, while, if  etc. We can't use the reserved words as an identifier. 
	Identifiers  : Identifiers refers to the name in programming which is usually used for identification . it can be a class name, method name, enum name,  variable name and etc .
	literals 	  : literals are value that are assigned to identifier . 
	
	Example : int  age = 19; 
	here in this example, int is a 'keyword' , age is 'identifier' and 19 is 'literal' .    
